God
you
these are honest as a snake in Annapolis
what my pouch oh my money I don't have
your money get back here make me you're
making a big mistake my friend not for
this I really have no interest in
hurting you so give me back my money and
we'll call it even not so fast what do
you want who are you they call me many
things murderer Dahlia go all a thief
but you may call me la volpe at your
service miss oratio how do you know my
name it is my business to know
everything in this city isn't that why
you're here indeed I need to find
someone you know where he'll be before
even he does who Francesco de Pazzi
there's word on the street of a caravan
just arrived from Roma a secret meeting
at sunset tonight you can learn
something a Francesco's whereabouts
there do you know where it is to be held
Nichelle's door let me know when you are
ready and we'll go ah yes it here is
your man